!seen command.
This command would keep track of all irc users and store when they last spoke, or when they disconnected.
Usage String: !seen <irc nick>
Example output: KingKarthas last spoke 8 minutes, 48 seconds ago.
                KingKarthas left the channel 2 hours, 28 minutes, 29 seconds ago.

!news command
This command would retrieve the most recent news from @OldSchoolRS.
Usage String: !news <number of news items>
Example output: 8h ago - The servers will be rebooted shortly to apply some fixes. Check the Patch Notes for more details http://bit.ly/13khfzB     - Mod Michelle

Add real logging.
In order to aid in finding the reason the bot randomly disconnects, add real logging using log4j.

Services
Services would be something that runs in the background on a separate thread. An example service would be NewsService which would wait for new tweets from @OldSchoolRS and when they are received, push them out to all channels.
Services can also be interacted with using commands. For example. QOTD and Greetings would be refactored in to a service. Additionally the !toggle command would be specificially for services.

Better argument parsing.
Some sort of argument parsing that allows default and optional parameters. Maybe use JSAP or some simpler alternative.

Upgrade to pircbotx.
Pircbotx would allow use of maven as the build system as well as many other improvements.

Privileged commands.
Allow some commands to only be ran by OPs, HOPs, or Owners. 

Better build script:
Add a target for deploying to my VPS.
Add generated run scripts.
Add scripts necessary for running the bot as a linux service

Add MySQL database for storing long term information and anything that there will be a lot of (for example, the people for the !seen command).
Start designing the schema for statistic tracking and quest information.

!quest command
The quest command would generate dependency graphs for any quest.
This would involve some sort of spelling suggestion tool as well as obtaining nicknames/abbreviations for quest names in order to improve UX with a Did you mean? {} reply.
Usage String: !quest <questname>
Example reply: Dependency graph for RFD: http://yuml.me/diagram/scruffy/class/3e238568.png